Enough about the modules you learn how to use Martial's how to restructure your app using modules.
Why that is a good practice and how that makes your modules leaner and more focused and even how you
can gain some advantages when you lazy load your modules.
Here's another big advantage you can gain ahead of time compilation.
What is it.
Basically angular offers two types of compiling your code.
Now what does compiling to code mean in the first place.
Because that's important.
It does not mean compiling typescript to javascript that is done by the seal i.e. not related to angular
angular also needs to compile your templates.
You write your templates in HMO code you can say in these template files an angler parses t aged him
files and compiles your HVM code into javascript.
You can represent your HDL code in javascript.
Right.
That is something you can do without angler too.
You can create a new age DML element in javascript and dnt and that is what England does for the only
reason that accessing javascript is faster than in the end.
Accessing the dom in the browser.
So that's the main reason.
Performance improvements you gain some other benefits but that is what Englad does.
It compiles your templates into javascript.
Now it can do this compilation in two different places just in time compilation is the default and we
used it for all the course.
Here we develop our code.
Then we ship it which also happens if we run Engy serve there it constantly gets compiled and then served
on our development server.
So that's the same as shipping it to production and then we view it in a browser so the app gets downloaded
the whole source code gets downloaded and now once it is downloaded angler bootstraps the application
and Indes step it also parses and compiles all the templates because that's the first time it has a
chance to do so.
Before that our app never ran.
That is the default approach and you might already see a disadvantage in this approach.
I also said it didn't have a chance of doing this earlier but it only didn't have a chance because we
didn't let it.
We can change the procedure.
We still have a development step when using ahead of time compilation.
But then we basically allow angler to compile the templates because after we're done developing our
code our templates are finished to write.
And with that and that's important.
I don't mean that our templates could contain dynamic content.
They probably will.
That's the idea behind creating a web app but angler will know where we use string into Appalachian
and so on and it will compile all these features into javascript too so we don't lose the dynamic nature
of our templates.
We only allow a single or two understand our templates at an earlier point of time you could say.
So now our code is already compiled and now we ship it to production.
Now we downloaded to the browser and run it there.
So we compile at an earlier point of time ahead of time ahead of the time where we run the app in the
browser.
Now that has a couple of advantages.
The first advantage is that our application is able to start faster.
We don't have to compile that in the browser anymore because we did it before during development or
after development and therefore the application can start faster.
It also means that our templates get checked during or right after development when we build our code
when we allow angler to process it.
And with checking here.
I mean all these errors which you see the javascript console in your running apps otherwise will then
be thrown in.
Well your book process basically because Anglo will detect them there already.
And we also get another advantage a much smaller file size because in your just in time built there
of course angular.
Ship the whole compiler because it needs to compile the code in the browser so decompiler is part of
the you ship.
But decompiler is not related to your business logic.
So it's really sad that you have to ship it and when using ahead of time compilation you don't dare
do the whole or compiler is missing and you can believe me that is a lot of code.
You can save the sites that using this built process Engler is even able to strip out some features
it would normally offer you which you just don't use since it analyzes and compiles your templates during
development.
It knows if you use N-G if anywhere and if you never use NGF then your whole application and and you
learn is only able to that after it parsed your templates because you use NGF and the templates right.
So since it knows if you used it or not it is able to follow to code for NGF a way remove it from the
application if you never use it because it won't be missing.
So that is why that is much better than shust in time computation and why you should try to use ahead
of time compilation.
If you can let's see how we can use it with the seal.
And our recipe book application